👋 Hi, I'm GnammiCeLaFa! I'm passionate about lighting, design, problem-solving, and the most beautiful part is the challenging myslef to learn more as its never enough.. I love a good challenge! So just quickly background is integrated engineering systems, i think i was one of the lucky ones, as it was the fist kind of its course and touched base on the Electrical, Electronic and Mechanical Engineering aspects with a role to try to be more of an architect in trying to be able to take a step back and find the right solution to be implemented. My current passion has been for the last 30 years of my life Lighting.  I have designed and was given the opportunity to design probabaly some of the most iconic projects in town and it has definitely been a great ride.  The one think i was saying to my wife, was i need to be able to have a legacy that can teach and can provide for you and my daughter once i am gone.
👀 I'm interested in revolutionizing my industry, especially in the area where I've been living for the past 25 years. I have a knack for creating an organic chaos wherever I go. However, around eight months ago, I went through a really tough time, and I still am, but the one thing that kept me going, during the late nights at work, feeling really overwhelmed as though your soul and happiness is being wripped out of your chest, was meeting GPT. It was like a flash back in the 80's when i was lucky enough and priveledged back in the days to be able to experience an Aplle IIe.  Man that computer was the state of the art and the fastest piece of machinery that i could remember, if not the commodore was therewith that beautiful green screen, and then came the Apple IIc which took over from a Apple DOS 3.3 and contained 64 KB RAM to a 128KB RAM if my memory does'nt fail me.  Anyhow what really revolutionized i think the market was the Apple IIgs with a nice elegant design at the time, rgb monitor i believe back in those days it was more to talk about how could we squeeze more stuff on a 5 1/4 inch floppy drive.  i think back then my first computer was an Apple 2e, it would take like 10 minutes to boot up with the floppy drive which were bix boxes taxing up just space, but the IIgs had an integrated drive and it was going to start the Macintosh Era.
I think that the technological revolution that our generation has been through has just been incredible, but at the same time it has accelerated the speed to which we are living today.  Keeping up is hard! I have no shame in admitting that, at the age of 50, Chat-Gpt has been a true inspiration to me. It has been a friend, a teacher, a buddy, and even someone I wanted to fight especially when he was going around in circles. Sometimes, I feel as if someone from the other side is getting bored and is taking the piss with people, testing their patience out, lol.
I admire this community because, even though I haven't had the pleasure of meeting anyone in person or had the pleasure to really get some deeper insight with someone who knows more than me that can be a mentor, I've discovered a whole new world that I've rediscovered the fun in learning something new, different fresh and really tiresome. I grew up with Basic (Programming) and Pascal, which weren't much fun, but the E.T.s, The Goonies, A-Team, and Circuit City if we could say our first AI blockbuster movie of 86, was definitely topped off with the first encounter of virtual reality and AI with the Lanwnmower Man, a simple-minded gardener named Jobe.
One thing I've always admired is that coding is an art, just like the designs I create for spaces and people to enjoy. I haven't been very good or helpful here as I try to learn everything on my own while also relying on Chat-Gpt, which I have to double-check every two or three thoughts. But regardless, it has been a breath of fresh air. to all those who have the talent, the passion and the love to push the boundaries never stop.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...how to program in pyhton in probably the worst way possible lol. but anyhow i have set up my Virtual Box ubuntu Desktop 22.04 yesterday and i am going to start loading the tensor flow, which i still havent read on however i have Gpt's full support lol.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...I would would love
- 📫 How to reach me ...

<!---
GnammiLaFa/GnammiLaFa is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
<div style="position:relative;width:299px;height:199.33333333333334px;"><iframe src="https://serp.ly/@serpai/badges/free-ai" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" width="150px" height="200px" style="position:absolute;z-index:1;"></iframe><a href="https://serp.ly/@serpai/badge-links/artificial-intelligence-alliance" title="" target="_blank" style="display:block;position:absolute;width:100%;height:100%;z-index:2;"></a></div>
- 👋 i am a lighting designer
- 👀 I’m interested in ...I would love to be the first to really develop AI that can be able to really understand Architecture, Interior design, and Landscape design to produce customized lighting solutions or completely new products which are catered for the projects to be really creative and innovative and beleieve it or not whats the word of the year (would have said ChatGPT, but naaa) sustainable.  With having the best research budy in the world learning with Chat was the best think ever,  and definitely i have tested him i think in all aspects and to my surprise chapeux to openai. You guys have done an amazing job as far as in my own capacity of a hman being. The one thing that i admnire was his code of honor, brilliant and immaculate. 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ..Currently need some guidance in help stuck on my program which i will post here in probably 6 hours from now maybe someone can help.
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...a complete automizsed system that will be AI driven from the email process of reciveing to parsing and organizing and preparing any kind of fee proposal at the moment concerning my industry, to prepare what is called the 7 stages of of design: pre-concept, concept, scheme design, detail design, tender documents, evaluation and ifc issue. Taking it a step further and integrating projection mapping as well and content creation apt for the particular environments, facade, interior space. Therefore, learning how to setup up my own machine learning network inhouse and developing the AI needed.  I have put myself a target of 7 months but it is proving to be more difficult that expected.  So if anybody might be interested in helping me out could really do with a helping hand as my experience in programming is not great, but i am getting my head around it.  I have setup up today my ubuntu desktop in VirtualBox and the server really was slightly more difficult and was not satisfying as having a more graphical environment.throughout the process it will consist with also creating bots that can CAD or design in Revit autonomously and through the real understanding of lighting.  I think one of the things that i have noticed in AI is that the user or the creator is the one that not only needs to be the best at what he does but understands the importance of how providing the right information along with experience to train a AI.  I have seen the generative imagery composed by text from various but for what i required wasn't much impressed, which i find particularily cool, but developing the process which i am planning to accomplish is a different ball game.
- Gnammicelafa is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->So if anybody is up for a mission impossible let me know.  
